typo: fix missing backtick (#20202)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/agents/api-reference/sdk.mdx

---
title: Agents SDK
pcx_content_type: concept
sidebar:
  order: 2

---

import { MetaInfo, Render, Type, WranglerConfig } from "~/components";

At its most basic, an Agent is a JavaScript class that extends the `Agent` class from the `@cloudflare/agents` package. An Agent encapsulates all of the logic for an Agent, including how clients can connect to it, how it stores state, the methods it exposes, and any error handling.

<TypeScriptExample>

```ts
import { Agent } from "@cloudflare/agents";

class MyAgent extends Agent {
	// Define methods on the Agent
}

export default MyAgent;
```

</TypeScriptExample>

> An Agent can have many (millions of) instances: each instance is a separate micro-server that runs independently of the others. This allows Agents to scale horizontally: an Agent can be associated with a single user, or many thousands of users, depending on the agent you're building.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Agent can have many (millions of) instances: each instance is a separate micro-server that runs independently of the others. This allows Agents to scale horizontally: an Agent can be associated with a single user, or many thousands of users, depending on the agent you are building.
```
